document the bindings massacre (#8363)
pyca/cryptography: CHANGELOG.rst

* Added a check to :class:`~cryptography.x509.NameConstraints` to ensure that
  :class:`~cryptography.x509.DNSName` constraints do not contain any ``*``
  wildcards.
* Removed many unused CFFI OpenSSL bindings. This will not impact you unless
  you are using ``cryptography`` to directly invoke OpenSSL's C API. Note that
  these have never been considered a stable, supported, public API by

>   ``cryptography``, this note is included purely as a curtesy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ``cryptography``, this note is included as a courtesy.
```

* Added a check to :class:`~cryptography.x509.NameConstraints` to ensure that
  :class:`~cryptography.x509.DNSName` constraints do not contain any ``*``
  wildcards.
* Removed many unused CFFI OpenSSL bindings. This will not impact you unless

>   you are using ``cryptography`` to directly invoke OpenSSL's C API.

Reviewer: I feel like we should mention that our bindings aren't public API 😄

Author: Meaning by not documenting these changes, or by including that note here?

Reviewer: Including the note here. I am in favor of saying we made changes but also that this isn’t supported surface area.

Reviewer: Maybe we say come talk about adding features to cryptography if you need some functionality you’re rummaging around in the bindings to get right now. 🤷‍♀️

Author: Decided not to add the note, I don't want to be perceived as promising we'll add them, when we know some external users want to do things that are bad.
